Humiliation Day
by Rosie Red

copyright 2004 by Rosie Red, all rights reserved 

* * * * *
This story is intended for ADULTS ONLY.  It contains
explicit  depictions of sexual activity involving minors. If
you are not of  a legal age in your locality to view such
material or if such  material does not appeal to you, do not
read further, and do not save this story.
* * * * *

HUMILIATION DAY FOLLOWUP FORM

NOTICE TO ALL NUDIE JUVIE PERFORMERS: Completion of this
form is mandatory. Turn it in to your probation officer
within ten days.

NAME: DAWN SMITH    CASE # 26348-7899

TELL US ABOUT YOURSELF:
I'm 13, about an average student. I get A's in art and C's
in math and B's in all the rest.  I'm in 7th grade at
Thoreau Middle School. My brother Albert is 10. My parents
don't have much money. I got my first period three months
ago.

TELL US ABOUT YOUR SEX PLAY AND SEXUAL EXPERIENCES WITH
OTHERS PRIOR TO YOUR OFFENSE:
When I was little I liked boys a lot and we played the usual
peeking and peeing games. In the last year I have become
very curious about boys but haven't done much,except that
last month at a party I got up behind Brian Fenster and
pressed against him and put my hands over his eyes and said
"guess who." He said "I don't know, but she has boobs." Then
he turned around quickly and started feeling them. I let him
do it for maybe 10 seconds, then I took his hands away and
let him kiss me.  Brian passed me a note in school the next
day asking for oral sex. This didn't surprise me as much as
you might think, because it's like a big fad this year. That
slut Susie Smatherson has spoiled all the boys by doing it
with anyone. Now the boys all think girlfriends should do
it.I wanted to be Brian's girlfriend but I wouldn't say I'd
do it, besides I didn't know how.

I was not only a virgin at the time of my crime, but I had
never even seen a boy completely naked nor had a boy seen me
that way.

TELL US WHAT HAPPENED TO LEAD YOU TO COMMIT YOUR OFFENSE:
Three girlfriends invited me to go to the mall, which was
unusual because I never have any money to buy anything. We
went to the Goth place and Aeropostale and a couple others.
Then they wanted to go to Victoria's Secret. I was
embarrassed. I don't even like to look at the mannequins
because I'm always afraid some pervy guy is going to come up
beside me and ask which one is my favorite. We went in, and
right away I saw this fabulous thong. It was light blue and
had lace front and back. Hardly any girls at school wear
panties anymore and I always feel like a dork in the locker
room because all I have are plain cotton whities. I wanted
that thong so bad! But I couldn't afford it so I put it
back.

When the others had bought their stuff, I was still yearning
for it so much that I looked around. Nobody was watching.  I
scooped it up into my purse and we walked out. The alarm
went off and a man in his twenties grabbed my arm. He told
the other girls to leave immediately or he would cite them
for trespass, so they had to split. He took me in the office
and sat me down in front of a videocam and turned it on.

DESCRIBE THE INTERROGATION WHICH FOLLOWED YOUR ARREST:
He described for the camera his reason for detaining me. He
asked for permission to look in my purse, which I gave. He
pulled out the thong and asked if I had paid for it. I said
no. He asked me if I intended to leave the store without
paying for it, and I said yes. He then told me it was the
policy of the store to prosecute all shoplifters, and he got
the phone number of my parents from me. Then he turned off
the camera.

I asked if I could go, and he said he needed to be sure I
hadn't stolen anything else. He stood me up and he started
patting me down all over, including my breasts, but he left
my crotch alone, which relieved me. Then he told me I had to
skin down my jeans. I told him I would not, and he said if I
wanted him to call in a couple of policemen to help him do a
search that was OK by him, and he reached for the phone. So
I pulled them down, and there I was in my ugly white cotton
panties.He said he had to check inside the panties to make
sure I wasn't wearing a stolen thong underneath. I was
stunned, but before I could jump away he grabbed the
waistband and pulled down my panty front, exposing my slit
completely. He took a much longer look than he had to,then
he slowly covered me,grinning all the while. He made me turn
around and after he uncovered my bare butt he took another
long look,and he said some crude things to me. Then he said
he never wanted to see me in the store again, and that the
district attorney would be calling my parents.

DESCRIBE YOUR COURT APPEARANCE:
I pleaded guilty before Judge Marcia Stoneman. She said that
there was a new program for girls and boys 6-14 years old.
If I volunteered to take part in it, I would avoid a $200
fine and would have all record of my crime erased at age 18,
if I stayed out of trouble until then. As my parents did not
have the money I volunteered even before I knew what the
program was about.

Judge Stoneman said that under the program I would be
publicly punished and humiliated in front of an audience.
She said that although the program was new and had never
been implemented, it was believed that if the humiliation
was extreme enough, memory of it would deter children in the
program from ever committing another crime. She gave me the
date, time, and place for me to report for my punishment.

DESCRIBE YOUR ARRIVAL AT THE PUNISHMENT CENTER:
My parents took me to the rear door of the auditorium and
rang the bell. A young man took me into a backstage dressing
room and escorted them to their front row seats in the
auditorium. Returning, he told me that I was scheduled to go
on in about 20 minutes, so I should start removing my
clothes soon. I took off my shoes and socks and outer
clothing but my hands wouldn't do any more. As I stood
there,red faced,he gave me a severe look but he didn't say
anything. I started to get really worried about what he
would do if I didn't strip myself completely naked, so I
took off my bra and very slowly slid down my panties. He
looked me up and down carefully, then went behind me and
looked some more.

As I stood there totally exposed and shivering with fear, I
was listening to what was happening onstage. I could hear
the announcer on the P.A. talking and the audience response,
but couldn't make out what was being said. The audience was
pretty worked up, though, because sometimes I could hear a
lot of yelling and hooting and handclapping. At one point
the announcer said something and the audience fell silent.
Then I heard the unmistakeable sound of a hand hitting flesh
and the agonized cry of a little boy. The slapping became
rythmic. Soon the audience noise drowned out his piteous
cries for mercy.

"Two minutes", said my handler. He picked up my bra from the
floor and told me to put it on. As I did that, he grasped my
panties from around my ankles and pulled them up and on,
running his hand firmly up inside my slit as he did so.

"It wasn't really necessary for you to take off everthing
backstage, but I appreciated it very much." He was smirking.
Then he took me out the door and to the stage entrance. I
heard my name over the P.A.

DESCRIBE WHAT YOU SAW WHEN YOU FIRST WENT ONSTAGE:
There were four exercise horses lined up at stage left. 
Handcuffed to each one were two naked boys, their faces to
the horses, butts turned to the audience. They all looked to
be from 6 to 12 years old, except for one who was about 14.
Their rear cheeks were terribly reddened, and the younger
boys were sobbing and pleading for mercy and saying how
sorry they were that they had been bad. As I approached the
boys in horror,I saw that in addition to being bright red,
their bums also showed purple bruising, and I realised that
no hand could have done that much damage. A wooden paddle
had to have been used. The boys were obviously in much
distress, as they kept dancing about, hoping that they could
air cool their poor abused bums. I instinctively brought my
hands to my panty-clad rear. I didn't think I could stand
such a spanking without losing control of my bladder.

DESCRIBE YOUR FIRST HUMILIATION:
The announcer called me to stage center by name, and told
the audience what I had done. As I stood there in my
underwear and looked out, I noticed that the very front rows
were all reserved for people who knew me. My parents were
there. My Dad had a look of horror on his face. All the kids
I knew from school that I see every day were there, and the
front row was solid boys. They looked eager.

"OK", said the announcer, "What part of Dawn's body would
you most like to see bare naked first?"

A roar arose from the audience as people yelled out their
favorite part--"cunt", "pussy", "breasts" etc. But soon one
side won out, and the audience started chanting in unison
"tits, tits, tits."

I took off my bra. Now, only being 13, there isn't all that
much to see. I'm about the size of peach halves and I have
those little pink nipples that people sometimes call
"rosebuds." But the audience went wild anyway and suddenly a
lot of flashes went off, and I realized with horror that
there were many pictures being taken of me. But as I looked
into the audience, I saw that a lot of the cameras were
actually pointed towards stage right rather than at me.
Looking over there, I gasped when I saw a picture of me, 15
feet high, being projected onto a giant screen. It made my
breasts look much bigger, of course, and ensured that even
people in the rear of the auditorium could see every detail,
including the unfortunate fact that my nipples were clearly
tightening as they became engorged with blood.

DESCRIBE YOUR SECOND HUMILIATION:
Of course you can figure that out. To the rhythmic cries of
"cunt, cunt, cunt" I had to take off my panties. I slid them
down about halfway and then I just froze, my face burning,
and I pulled them back up without thinking, and the audience
went crazy. The announcer told me to put my hands on top of
my head, and as I did so he came over to me and ever ... so
... slowly pulled them down and off with his left hand,
furiously rubbing my tender slit at the same time with his
right. Then with my hands still on my head, he went to the
P.A. and ordered me to spread my legs.I did, and he said
"wider." I did, and he said "wider." When I reached full
extension, I took a quick peek at the monitor. There I stood
in full glory, my labia parted,exposing fully my pink 
private insides. Of course at my age I have very little
hair, so I was denied even that last refuge of a modest
woman. Hundreds of flashes went off as I stood there, and I
realized that pictures of my private parts would be
circulating around school as long as I was a student there
and for years afterwards. I knew boys would be coming up to
me and asking me to sign my autograph on the nudie pic right
across my breasts or pussy, or they would tell me what a
great masturbation session they had with my photos. I was
ruined. Then he ordered me to turn around so the audience
could see my butt and I had to reach behind myself with both
hands and spread my butt cheeks so they all could see my
rear hole.

DESCRIBE YOUR THIRD HUMILIATION:
As I stood there bent forward slightly with my butt on
display, a chant started in the audience. At first only a
few people were yelling it, but soon once again the audience
became a single-minded animal. "Clit,clit, clit," they
screamed.

I had to turn around. Spreading my legs was not enough to
show them what they wanted to see. I was ordered to reach
down and pull apart my outer and then my inner pussy lips,
and there at the top my shy pink clitoris peeked out from
amongst my secret folds.It was now as engorged with blood as
my nipples, and inside my slit my lube juices were
glistening in the bright lights. I would not have believed
that my body could so betray me as to give the illusion that
I was sexually aroused when all I felt in my mind was deep
shame. At the same time I was sort of relieved that things
couldn't get any worse than this. I mean,they'd seen
everything, right? How wrong I was.

DESCRIBE YOUR FOURTH HUMILIATION:
"Members of the audience, have you seen everything?"
screamed the announcer. The audience yelled back an
enthusiastic "Yes!"

"Are you sure you've seen everything?" This time the answer
was weaker. People started thinking naughty thoughts.

"Dawn, come up to the mike!" I did so, glad that for a
moment I was hidden behind the podium.

"Dawn, just how many boys have stuck their rock hard cocks
into your sweet little cunt hole?"

"Why, why..none!"

"So you're a virgin?" The audience was catching on. The
chant was starting and it drowned out my reply. "Hymen,
hymen, hymen!"

All I could comfort myself with was the thought that if I
showed this last secret thing it would all be over. They
brought out a kind of wicker chair with a rounded bottom and
had me sit in it and then they had me pull  both legs up
with my hands toward my body, spreading them as I pulled.
This raised my butt up just a bit from the seat and as I
leaned way back in the chair the entrance to my vagina gaped
monstrously open on the large screen. More humiliation was
to come. My hands still being occupied, the announcer came
forward, and being careful not to block the camera angle,
tugged on the skin around the opening to my vagina. There in
the center of the screen, guarding my vagina from rough
intrusion, was my intact hymen, now soaked with my juices
and glistening obscenely. In the middle you could just make
out a shadowy hole for release of menstrual blood.

"Shall we see how much space there is?" The audience yelled
approval, and the announcer, still holding me open with one
hand, attempted to insert his forefinger in me. He failed.
Then he tried his little finger. On the screen you could see
it enter only as far as the first knuckle. He waggled the
tip a little bit and withdrew it. He held his little finger
up in the air and solemnly announced, "That's all the space
there is!"

There were a few cries from the audience like "force it" or
"force her" but he ignored them. I got out of the chair and
the camera was turned off. I gave a sigh of relief. I had
shown them all I had!

DESCRIBE YOUR FIFTH HUMILIATION:
The announcer then drew my attention to the piteous
condition of the boys. He asked me if I wished to alleviate
their pain. I said humbly and softly that I would indeed
like to help them. As soon as I said that, four assistants
came out from backstage and swivelled the boys around, so
that their sore butts were pressing against the horses and
their little weenies were dangling at their fronts where the
audience could see them. They were still handcuffed. But one
cock was not exactly dangling. The 14 year old, now looking
at me, was quickly rising. The announcer told me that if I
could get all 8 weenies hard at once, the show would be
over. I decided to start with the oldest boy, since he was
already half there. I walked up to him and I started to
kneel, but the announcer said I had to remain standing. So
in order to bend that far down I had to spread my legs
awkwardly, like a giraffe tring to eat from a low bush. As I
bent down, I heard an excited murmur from the audience as
they viewed my butt and upside-down pussy on the big screen.
I realized I had no idea how to proceed.

"How do I do this?" I whispered.

"Start with the tip, lick around it, especially the
underside, then suck the first inch into your mouth and run
your tongue around it. Gradually work down the shaft,
sucking it slowly deep into your throat, but remember that
it is the first inch that is most sensitive."

I was glad to get such wonderfully specific instructions.
Too bad he didn't tell me when to stop. Less than a minute
after I started, I was surprised to feel with my lips his
contractions starting, and a moment later he was blasting
cum down my throat. I had no choice but to swallow. I
figured it was time to move on to the next boy. The audience
was applauding.

As I was working on the next boy, about 10, I looked out of
the corner of my eye at the first boy and saw that his
erection was already failing. I realized I had made a big
mistake in letting him cum. There was just no way I could
get all the boys hard at once. Even if I got all the others
hard and returned to the first boy, by the time I worked and
worked on him the others would be failing. I slumped in
defeat.
 
DESCRIBE YOUR SIXTH HUMILIATION:
The announcer once again appealed to the audience.

"Dawn has failed in her last task, and needs to be punished.
How many people think she needs to be whipped?"

My heart sank as I heard a groundswell of approval ring
forth.

"And how many think that all she needs is a serious hand on
bare butt spanking?"

Bless them. The roar for this was louder.The announcer had
them bring out an armless chair in which he sat. He motioned
to his lap. I approached reluctantly, especially as I noted
that his pants were tented out alarmingly. I laid face down,
and just for a second he squirmed against me as he adjusted
himself. I could feel his hardness pressing on my belly. I
wondered if he would cum while he was spanking me, and if so
could sperm get through his clothes and make me pregnant.

He didn't give me any warning, but brought his right hand as
far in the air as he could and brought it down swiftly and
cleanly square across my butt. I couldn't help but yell out.
It hurt a lot more than I thought it would, probably because
of it being flesh on flesh with no clothes intervening to
absorb some of the blow. He began to spank my swiftly, the
audience counting out the number of each sharp slap as my
butt cheeks began to redden. I started to squirm about
involuntarily, as I could not keep my muscles from
contracting with each strike. This got the announcer more
and more excited, and his hand turned into a blur of motion
even as he bucked about underneath me. I could feel the
fabric of his pants, stressed out by his hardness, pressing
into my slit. I was close to cumming myself when he suddenly
stopped spanking me, grasped both butt cheeks in his hands,
pressed me tightly to him, and groaned. A roar of laughter
came from the audience.

DESCRIBE YOUR FINAL HUMILIATION:
The announcer hurriedly left the stage. A substitute was
quickly found. Meanwhile, I stood in front of the audience,
my picture on the giant screen, and slowly turned around and
around, for some wanted most to see my poor reddened
backside and others my engorged nipples and nearly hairless
swollen labia. They could tell I was on the verge of cumming
from the flush that covered my entire sweaty body and the
glisten of the love juices that were now spread from mons to
vagina and ran down my inner thighs.
 
The announcer had a small package with him. He said it was
something I had forgotten to bring from home. He handed it
to me and I opened it. It was Teddy, my teddy bear that I
had owned since I was a little girl. Teddy was much worse
after years of wear, but his bright eyes still glistened. I
suppose it was just my imagination that made me think they
shone even more to see me nude.

"Albert, can you come out here now?" said the announcer. My
ten year old brother came out onto the stage, smirking at
me. We don't always get along.

"Albert, have you seen Dawn doing anything unusual with
Teddy lately?"

"Yes, I was going by her room and the door was open a little
bit and I looked in, and she was lying on the bed all bare
naked, and she had Teddy in both her hands and was rubbing
his furry belly part against her pee place. And she was
grunting like, 'Oh,oh, ah, ah, eeeahh.' and then she
stopped."

"Thank you Albert. If you want to stand right here by me,
Dawn is going to show us all just what a good friend Teddy
is to her. And after she is done, she can leave." 

As horny as I was, and knowing that I would not have to be
on stage much longer, it was still the hardest thing I have
ever done. As I took Teddy in my hands and inserted him
between my legs, the audience started absolutely screaming,
and each time I rubbed Teddy up and down, the motion greatly
magnified on the screen, the noise increased. My groan of
relief when I finally stopped rubbing and started orgasming
over and over was lost, but my relief was visually obvious
to the audience. The noise level dropped sharply then, and
suddenly a few people started clapping and then everybody
was clapping in a crescendo.

Just before I turned and left the stage, I looked down into
the front row. There was my near boyfriend Brian, standing
up on his chair, clapping wildly, smiling and nodding at me.

HOW WAS SCHOOL IN THE DAYS FOLLOWING YOUR HUMILIATION DAY?
It was hard. Lots of boys seemed to think that because I
showed everything on stage, I should do the same at school.
Teachers looked at me like I had done the whole thing
because I liked it or something, and when they heard boys
talking naughty to me they just shrugged. My second day at
school I was taking my usual shortcut through Fuller's Woods
when some guys about 16 years old stopped me and dragged me
off the path. They said they'd been at the show and they
thought I did a real good job on that first boy. They made
me take off my blouse and pull up my skirt and they all took
turns feeling me up and then they made me kneel and give
each one a blow job. I never reported it. Brian heard rumors
about it and so I started doing it to him too, after school
at his house while he watched TV. We'll probably be doing
everything pretty soon, my reputation is shot anyway.

THE NEXT HUMILIATION DAY IS THREE MONTHS AWAY. WILL YOU BE
IN THE AUDIENCE?
Definitely, if boys will be punished.

HOW LIKELY IS IT THAT YOU WILL ENGAGE IN CRIMINAL ACTIVITY
IN THE FUTURE? 
Zero.
